[Music]
hydrants
I'm missus washer today I want to share
a soup recipe with all of you this is
very very simple soup which I make it
regularly and anybody can make in a very
simple way like homestyle I'm going to
show you this simple soup that is tomato
soup maybe you all know how to make this
tomato soup but still I want to share my
recipe which I make it regularly at my
house so let's start this simple tomato
soup I'm not using too much of
ingredients today just the homestyle I'm
making so I'm using little bit of garlic
and one onion and just 3/4 tomatoes so
here in a pan first we are going to add
some you know either you can use olive
oil or you know butter or oil anything
if you homestyle you know you can just
use either oil also just add some butter
and we are going to add some garlic in
it like this little bit sort it and then
we are going to add some bay leaf and
some peppercorns and some one onion you
know you need not chop it you can just
add it directly and just three tomatoes
this also you need not remove the skin
you need not you know finely chopped
just cut into little bit big cubes
that's it and this we are going to just
saute for 2 to 3 minutes and then we are
going to add good amount of water and we
are going to boil it once this is nicely
boiled then we are going to grind it
into a nice smooth paste in this you can
just add some salt also very little
later on we will check the seasoning and
then again we can add the salt so just
mix it and we'll cook for two minutes
then we are going to add water so the
effects here after 2 minutes of nicely
sorting we are going to add water you
know you can just add some 2 to 3 cups
of water and we are going to simmer this
for at least 5 minutes then you are
going to switch off the flame and grind
it so we are going to wait for 5 minutes
so dear friends after 5 minutes of you
know nicely it has been simmered and
nicely boiled so now I am going to
switch off the flame
and you know just let it slightly cool
down and then we are going to nicely
make it into a fine paste but before
making into a paste just remove this bay
leaf and we are going to grind this now
so dear friends once you know this is
slightly cooled on I made it into a nice
fine paste you know you can just remove
little bit of water and only first you
grind the ingredients then if you need
water you can just add some water and
you can make it into a nice fine paste
and this we are going to now you know
again we are going to simmer it for
another three to five minutes then our
awesome soup tomato soup will be ready
so in the same pan just add very little
of butter again or usually what I do is
when I sorted this onion garlic and
tomato at that time little bit for
thickening what I do is I add little bit
of all-purpose flour so you can just add
one teaspoon of all-purpose flour in the
starting itself so that you know this
process you can just skip it just add
teaspoon of all-purpose flour and we are
going to mix this nicely just for a
little bit of thickening we are just
going to add the butter and this
all-purpose flour that's it just for a
minute we are going to cook it then we
are going to add a little bit of water
not milk or anything just little bit of
water so that you know it won't form any
lumps very slowly
see that this won't form any lumps or
you can just directly strain this into
you know this mixture but you know if
you do it directly it may form lumps so
to avoid lumps first I'm adding little
bit of water see this is nice and this
mixture is ready now for little bit
thickening see and now we are going to
strain this tomato mixture just take a
strainer and strain it like this for
tomato color you know you can just add a
little bit of red color if you want but
we are making a homestyle tomato soup so
I don't want to add any colors into this
so just strain it out and let it boil
for 3 minutes then we can have this
hot soup before this gets simmered so we
are going to just check the taste first
so just take little wow I think I can
add a little bit of you know salt always
for suits you know you reduce the salt
you know we are going to have only the
soup so if it is more salt we cannot
have it so always reduce the salt and in
this in the last we are going to add a
little bit of herbs mixed herbs if you
want you can add it or if you don't want
you can just skip it so just add very
little to give little bit of that herbs
flavor that's it you can see this is
little bit thick once this will simmer
for another two minutes or three minutes
then this will become little more thick
so we are going to wait for another two
minutes then our soup will be ready so
here my soup is ready after two to three
minutes
nice simmering and I can feel nice aroma
over here and in the last you know just
very little just you know if you want
you can add a little bit extra but very
little of sugar to give a little bit of
that sweetness and that's it this is all
done and just switch off the flame you
know you can just check the consistency
if you want a little bit thick then you
can add little bit extra all-purpose
flour or you can reduce little bit of
water quantity and you can make it
little bit thick so whichever way you
want dear friends you can just make your
own version in the last we are going to
add the cream when we serve also what
you can do is just you can just drop a
little bit on top of it that's it this
is all ready to serve so here our soup
is already just serve it on to it so
bound my cream was little bit thick so
what you can do is you can just dial you
a little bit and then you can add so
that you know you don't have any cream
to be seen on top of it so you can just
mix it nicely and this is done and now
when you go to a restaurant when they
serve this nice hot tomato soup they're
going to give you either a nice noodles
fried noodles or you know the bread
which are nicely toasted so these are
Bertino bread pieces I have just toasted
it in the last you can just put your
little bit cream and then you can put
this mint leaf on top of it this is all
ready to serve your family members or
your guests or whomever you want to
serve it just boil the ingredients and
make a knife simple tomato soup
homestyle so let me enjoy this nice soap
and you also wow this is perfect and
this is superb
please try this and you're going to
enjoy it so dear friends in another
session with some more recipes
[Music]